hello and welcome to sake text so in
today's video we will be doing a web
browsing speed test comparison between
the new Nexus 7 and the old Nexus 7 so
I'm going to put the specifications of
both of these devices in the description
below so you can go and reference them
in case you need them but just so you
know this has a quad-core processor it's
a newer processor and it's got two gigs
of RAM this also has a quad-core
processor button it is an old processor
and it only has one gear bytes of RAM
let's do a web page load comparison and
what I'm going to do is I'm going to
clear the browser cache before I do
anything else or go to settings and then
clear the cache which is in the privacy
clear browsing data check everything
clear ok and then let's go over here let
me close this up by the way ok let's go
over here go to settings privacy clear
browsing data and clear this up now one
option I want to go over real quick is
this auction right here if you go to
settings and you go to bandwidth
management you have the option to
preload pages as you're typing in the
address so when you're typing in c and n
calm as you're typing it the web page
loads in the background so when you
press go it is very quick to launch the
website so i'm going to run i'm going to
run for websites two of them i'm gonna
do with the pre-loading on and two of
them on i'm going to do with preloading
off ok so it looks screw back in here
let's go to settings make sure the
pre-loading is in fact on here as well
it's on ok so go back go back tab and
tab and let's first do amazon com
okay ready so they already have
pre-loaded so let's see which is going
to load the thing quicker okay so this
is faster right here number two we're
going to do CNN com okay give it some
time and then we're going to click go
okay so CNN com came up first and then
what I'm going to do is now I'm going to
go to settings here and I'm going to
turn preloading off bandwidth management
off off
and this time we're going to go to
gamespot com ain't no more pre-loading
okay let's go
so when two straight to the mobile web
site but this was faster so let's go all
the way to the bottom and we're going to
do fools full site no ok so this was
again first with the pre-loading turned
off unless you just do IGN one time and
we can conclude this video so I G and
calm ready
oh I you know what I did I GM by mistake
so let's see if I do IGN we'll just
follow a link in the website so let's
take a look right here okay so what
we're going to do is we're going to
launch this article right here at the
same time okay and looks like the
they're almost the same but I mean and
this was a little faster in loading the
view of the website what's that that's
just an advertisement okay well that
concludes the this video and so that is
the browsing speed test between the new
Nexus 7 and the old Nexus 7 subscribe to
my channel give me a thumbs up and also
if you have any comments questions
concerns throw them down in the comments
section below